hey everyone it's mah gawd 21 again ah
today I'm making a video on how to catch
the all the reggies and the sinnoh
region I'm going to show you how to
catch Regirock in this video you can
only see them if you have the legit
regigigas from them japan movie Pokemon
movie 08 and that's what I have in my
party I'll show you he's right here it
has all the things that you get from
this apparently had a fateful encounter
a little hunger a Pokemon movie 08 so
when you get this Pokemon you go and you
have to find all the reggies in the
sinnoh region and once you have the
reggies you can go to snow point temple
and go get the regigigas from the snow
point temple but you don't need the
reggies from the sinnoh region to get
that one you just need you just need any
of you need the three Reggie's regirock
ready still under the ice now i'm
getting ready steel right not ready rock
right now so he's in here so when you
get it this thing will come you have to
step on all these little dots that are
on the ground that looks like Reggie
rocks eyes then a little sound will come
you don't have to step on them in a
certain way just just step on them all
and let's pretty much it and you go up
to statue and he's inside the statue and
you get to face
now I caught them twice before I've done
all this before it might be blurry let's
even fix the blurriness nas doesn't do
anything special see if I can like I
don't oh I forgot to put myself some
quick balls but that's all right i think
i'll be able to get them use a culture
bar 808 sometimes i can catch them with
an ultra bail right away just like one
two three oh my gosh i caught it so fast
that's unbelievable Wow okay that is
weird I I didn't even use an action
replay on this I'm serious you guys Wow
give a nickname to the cot regirock Wow
nope I like graduate well that was
amazing I caught him with an altar ball
on the first time slowly kiss my
regigigas was a level 100 well that's
pretty much it for this episode on my
mikado 21 videos and I'll see you next
time maybe I'll do some videos on the
battle frontier maybe I'll show you all
the new things and in the new pokemon
platinum so subscribe to my channel and
tell me what video I should do next and
what what it should be about okay see ya
you